well it's the fourth week of na LCS with
covers presented by Omni slash I'm
joined right now by Mickey from gone
guardians to talk about how things have
been going Mickey we are four weeks into
na LCS with you on golden Guardians how
do you feel about golden Guardians right
now we are not good score now driven for
us I think we are we're doing well now
[Music]
last year or last split golden Guardians
got last place but you just beat clutch
how do you feel golden Guardians will do
this split I think we can go play okay
what what is it like for you speaking
English with all the other players how's
your English and can you understand
everything in game oh I can't understand
what what they are say well I can't
speak very well well I can't understand
everything yeah
do you just say simple things in game
like dragon dragon or Caitlyn Caitlyn
but my team understand me how do you
feel
your English is coming do you feel like
you are learning English fast or slow or
how do you feel about your English I did
I'm lying first okay maybe so full
English next year 2019 Mickey all
English yes movie I can do okay okay so
playoffs for golden Guardians what do
you think the team has to fix what
should the team learn more of
we have to communicate well then now
okay yeah
who is the shot-caller who makes calls I
think my team or just speak very
everyone everyone is that bad
should there be is it too much shot
calling so everyone everyone can talk
and it's okay yeah very good
do you like golden Guardians or what
what do you like about : Guardians is it
do you like living with them do you like
the players what do you like about
golden Guardians
Eric golden God's house because house is
baby and I like teammate and course
because they are kind to me okay do you
have your own room at the golden
Guardians house is there is there out of
any of the four players do you talk to
any of the pro players do you spend time
with them or are you friends with any of
the other four players is there anything
that you would say to any of the fans
fans out there of Mickey or golden
Guardians anything you would say oh
think thank you for
watching my play okay thank you to my
friend there we go thank you very much
Mickey for the interview thank you so
much congratulations on the win for when
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel
it's nice thing that Omni slash is still
written on this microphone because it
means that at least someone's giving
Travis money to for things like food
rent mainly to keep them off of my couch
and out of my life so please continue to
help support him in doing that like
subscribe comment do whatever it is that
he needs you to do support him